#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.txt
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
anyio==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   sphinx-external-toc
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
bleach==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-book
    #   pip-tools
    #   sphinx-external-toc
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbdime
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-book
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-panels
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
fonttools==4.29.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
gitdb==4.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbdime
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   requests
imagesize==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   myst-nb
ipykernel==6.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipython==7.31.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
jedi==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
    #   sphinx
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-book
    #   nbformat
jupyter-book==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
jupyter-cache==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   myst-nb
jupyter-client==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.13.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server-mathjax
    #   nbdime
jupyter-server-mathjax==0.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbdime
jupyter-sphinx==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   myst-nb
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipywidgets
jupytext==1.11.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-book
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
latexcodec==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pybtex
linkify-it-py==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-book
markdown-it-py==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
markupsafe==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupytext
    #   myst-parser
mistune==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
myst-nb==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-book
myst-parser==0.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   myst-nb
nbclient==0.5.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==6.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
    #   notebook
nbdime==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-cache
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   jupytext
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.22.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   sphinx
pandas==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jedi
pep517==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pillow==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
pip-tools==6.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
prometheus-client==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pybtex-docutils==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   sphinx
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupytext
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-external-toc
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbdime
    #   sphinx
scipy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   seaborn
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   jsonschema
    #   latexcodec
    #   pybtex
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-comments
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-external-toc
    #   sphinx-jupyterbook-latex
    #   sphinx-multitoc-numbering
    #   sphinx-panels
    #   sphinx-thebe
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
sphinx-book-theme==0.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-book
sphinx-comments==0.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-book
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-book
sphinx-external-toc==0.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-book
sphinx-jupyterbook-latex==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-book
sphinx-multitoc-numbering==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-book
sphinx-panels==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-book
sphinx-thebe==0.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-book
sphinx-togglebutton==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-book
    #   myst-nb
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-bibtex==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-book
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sqlalchemy==1.4.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-cache
terminado==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupytext
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pep517
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
uc-micro-py==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   linkify-it-py
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
websocket-client==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipywidgets
zipp==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
